# Changelogs of v0.4

## v0.4.0

- Add support for PMMP v5.6.0 (concrete powder now also has colors like normal concrete)
    - The plugin will not work on previous build anymore (because in versions < 5.6 concrete powder wasn't split up in
      colors)
- Renderer improvements
    - Transparent blocks support
    - Partially transparent water
    - And more speed upgrades
- Webpage improvements
    - World selector on the top right, now you can select and view all your worlds
- Resource pack improvements
    - Better extraction of custom resource packs (extracted from the packs inside your servers `resource_packs` folder)
    - Better texture way of texture mapping. (inside the `terrain_textures.json` file inside the plugin
      data's `resource_packs` folder)
    - Proper working vanilla texture override. (This was previously totally not working for most textures)
    - Updated the vanilla resource pack to v1.20.30.1

### v0.4.1

- Fix server crash when the `terrain_textures.json` file in the `resource_packs` folder in the plugin data does not
  contain the expected format.

## v0.4.2

- Improve the zoom level system. Instead of `4 => -4`, the map now uses `0 => n` where `0` is most zoomed in and `n`
  most zoomed out.
    - For convenience of servers that already have rendered maps, all renders will be renamed to fix issues that can
      occur.
- The map now makes better use of search parameters, and supports now: `world`, `x`, `z` and `zoom` as options, now you
  can share locations on the map :).
    - When selecting a world, the world will automatically be set in the url.
    - When clicking somewhere in the map, the x, z and zoom values will be set in the url.
- Add a `web/config.json` for the web files, this config contains the web version and when an incompatible version is
  detected, it will automatically update the files. The config contains some more things:
    - `default-world`, the default world that will be shown
    - `worlds`, a list of all visible worlds including their min/max zoom levels and default view position (x,z,zoom)
- Improved the detection of blocks with models.
    - For now, most of the blocks with a model will be skipped
    - For the future, the correct block models will be rendered
    - Did it all with the `BlockTypeIds`...

### v0.4.3

- Fix server crash when a block texture couldn't be found

## v0.4.4

- Add working block models for:
    - Models: Fence, fence gate, wall, glass pane, door, button, end rod and some more
    - Cross models: models used for e.g. tall grass and flowers
- Fix incorrect chunk rendering when a chunk is updated
    - Chunks scheduled due to a player action are now saved before they are added to the queue
- Fix cached block textures,
    - blocks are now cached with their state ID rather than their block type name
- Fix players not rendering properly on the map