# Changelogs of v0.7

## v0.7.0

PocketMap v0.7 brings a lot of improvements in existing systems, cleaner code and customizability.

### Plugin Data updates

- Updated the `config.yml` to version `1.8`
- Updated the web files (`web/`) to version `1.3`

### New features

- Added custom marker types
- Added HTTPS support for the web-server (configurable in the `config.yml`)
- Added `web\WebServerManager` containing all the web server code from the `PocketMap` class to make `PocketMap` more
  organized.
- Created `settings\ConfigSettings` and its subclasses to handle config parsing and for easier config access.
- Added `web\MapConfig` and `web\MapSettings` containing code to parse and access the `web/config.json` file.
- Added `marker\BaseMarker` and `marker\MarkerType` classes to create different markers more easily.
- Added `marker\leaflet\LeafletPathOptions` to be able to easily use all available leaflet options for more
  customizability.

### Changes

- Fixed block data values, now each block matches to a corresponding texture
- Replaced the `utils\ConfigManger` by `settings\SettingsManager` containing multiple `settings\ConfigSettings` for a
  more user-friendly config interface
- Moved website settings from `web/config.json` to the `config.yml` for easier use.
  The `web/config.json` will now be automatically generated,
  together with a `web/version.json` file containing the current web file version.
- Moved `api\UpdateApiTask` to `web\UpdateApiTask`
- Moved `api\MarkerManager` to `marker\MarkerManager`
- Removed the `MarkerManager::addTypeMarker()` functions and added separate marker classes for more customizability.

